Add cell type changelog (#214)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- PUT THE NEW CHANGELOG ENTRY RIGHT BELOW THIS -->
<!-------------------------------------------------->

## PLACEHOLDER FOR CELL TYPING RELEASE DATE

> * Downloads will now contain cell type annotations as inferred with [`SingleR`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/SingleR.html) and [`CellAssign`](https://github.com/Irrationone/cellassign).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Cell type annotations are now included in each download. 
Cells were annotated using both [`SingleR`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/release/bioc/html/SingleR.html) and [`CellAssign`](https://github.com/Irrationone/cellassign).
```
Maybe something like this? I just don't know how I feel about use of "inferred".

>   * You can find more information about the cell type annotation procedure in the {ref}`the section describing cell type annotation procedures on the Processing Information page<processing_information:cell type annotation>`, as well as more information about available cell type annotation information in downloadable files from {ref}`the Single-cell gene expression file contents page<processing_information:components of a singlecellexperiment object>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * You can find more information about how cell types were annotated in the {ref}`cell type annotation procedures section on the Processing Information page<processing_information:cell type annotation>`. 
  For more information on locating cell type annotations and any associated processing information in the downloaded objects see {ref}`the Single-cell gene expression file contents page<processing_information:components of a singlecellexperiment object>`.
```
Just a little bit of rewording to clarify what information can be found where.
